README.md, before:

Assignment: CSS Hell
====================

You will skin 3 project gutenberg stories with custom CSS.

You will skin 2 versions of a possible professional homepage for your
self with 2 versions of CSS.

Read requirements.org

Read this comic http://theoatmeal.com/comics/design_hell

git clone https://github.com/abramhindle/CMPUT404-assignment-css-hell.git

License/Copyright
=================

Textual content is copyright Abram Hindle (C) 2013 under the CC-BY-SA
4.0 unported license. Attribution should be a hyperlink to the
repository and (C) 2013 Abram Hindle visibile in the text.

Code is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.

Part 1 Modification
================
A more fancy, friendly, colorful and readable theme is applied by the changes below for all the three HTML:
- body: 
    * background color is changed to skyblue
    * font-family is changed to fantasy
    * font-size is changed
- h (header): 
    * margin is changed to auto
    * word spacing is changed
    * deleted font-size and font-weight
    * all headers have the same CSS styling
    * background color
- p (paragraph):
    * changed margin
    * added padding
- pre (preformatted):
    * changed margin
- img(image):
    * changed border radius
    * added black border as a frame of images

Note
==============
All the screeenshots are formed with multiple screenshots, so it might look a little weird. Especially for good.png, it is not continuous and there is a "sticky" top navigation bar and side bar, so please try to view each page separately even though it is merged into a single image for a better view.

Commit message:

added figcation in css for part 1

README.md, after:

Assignment: CSS Hell
====================

You will skin 3 project gutenberg stories with custom CSS.

You will skin 2 versions of a possible professional homepage for your
self with 2 versions of CSS.

Read requirements.org

Read this comic http://theoatmeal.com/comics/design_hell

git clone https://github.com/abramhindle/CMPUT404-assignment-css-hell.git

License/Copyright
=================

Textual content is copyright Abram Hindle (C) 2013 under the CC-BY-SA
4.0 unported license. Attribution should be a hyperlink to the
repository and (C) 2013 Abram Hindle visibile in the text.

Code is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.

Part 1 Modification
================
The three html used in this part are:
1. http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/11
2. http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/84
3. http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/2701
A more fancy, friendly, colorful and readable theme is applied by the changes below for all the three HTML:
- body: 
    * background color is changed to skyblue
    * font-family is changed to fantasy
    * font-size is changed
- h (header): 
    * margin is changed to auto
    * word spacing is changed
    * deleted font-size and font-weight
    * all headers have the same CSS styling
    * background color
- p (paragraph):
    * changed margin
    * added padding
- pre (preformatted):
    * changed margin
- img(image):
    * changed border radius
    * added black border as a frame of images
- figcaption:
    * font-size is set to 10px
    * font-family is set to 'Impact, fantasy';
Note
==============
All the screeenshots are formed with multiple screenshots, so it might look a little weird. Especially for good.png, it is not continuous and there is a "sticky" top navigation bar and side bar, so please try to view each page separately even though it is merged into a single image for a better view.
